>> Brian Holt: So, yeah, let's go tie
all this up, and then, hopefully,
if there's more questions, we can,
kind of, tie it all together.
So, we're inside of Action Creators now.
We need to add two action creators here.
We need to add one for
our synchronise action,
which is just going to be like
sending an object to Redux, right?
And then,
we also need to do our async thunk.
So let's do our synchronous one first,
because it's going to look
a lot like setSearchTerm.
>> Brian Holt: So
I'm going to do ADD_OMDBdata up here.
>> Brian Holt: We're going to do export
function addOMDBData,
imdbID, omdbData
>> Brian Holt: That's going to return type
ADD_OMDB_DATA, imdbID,
and omdbData, right?
Looks almost exactly
the same as the other one.
>> Speaker 2: Mark is asking, shouldn't we
just pass state.omdbData as the state for
add_omdb_data reducer?
>> Brian Holt: I don't understand
the question, one more time.
>> Speaker 2: Shouldn't we just pass
state.omdbData as the state for
the ADD_OMBD_DATA reducer
>> Brian Holt: Do you mean it's just
sending that part of the state
instead of the entire state out there?
>> [SOUND]
>> Brian Holt: Sorry.
[LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: Should we
pass state.omdbData as the state for the?
>> Speaker 3: Instead of add omdbData,
sending the entire state,
he's saying,
why don't we just a portion of newState?
But in redux you're supposed
to send the entire state.
Not a portion of the state.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
I see where we're disconnecting here,
so yes.
So newState or
state right here is literally
the entire state of the entire redux.
>> Speaker 3: And
it's always supposed to be that way.
It's never supposed to be
a portion of the state.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, it's never going
to be a portion of the state or
anything like that.
It's literally the entire state.
>> Speaker 3: That breaks consistency.
>> Brian Holt: Right, so you want to
be careful that you leave the rest of
the state alone and you only modify
your corner your interested in, and
then you return the entire universe,
right?
So your handed the whole universe.
You make your tiny little modification and
you return the new universe.
Because if you don't return
the rest of the old universe,
right, it just gets blown away.
Which is exactly what
you don't want to do.
>> Speaker 3: I think people are just
used to passing the only minimal
amount of parameters until-
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, I mean, I like that
mindset, right, that you're working with
the smallest amount of data possible.
>> Speaker 3: But it doesn't work,
because you need to return the entire
state
>> Brian Holt: Right,
because you want these
functions to be repeatable,
no side effects,
all that kind of good stuff.
Cool.
So, lets go back to action creators,
and we're going to do export
function getOMDBDetails.
And it's going to take an imdbID.
>> Brian Holt: And
what this is going to do,
this is going to be our Func creator,
right.
So what's peculiar about funcs as opposed
to actions, these return objects, right?
What a func creator is going to do
is it's going to return a function.
So we're going to return
function dispatch, and getState.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
the function returns a function.
It's kind of weird, but
bear with me for a second,
and I'll explain to you why that
weird contract works well, okay?
>> Brian Holt: So dispatch, this is
exactly what you would expect it to be.
This is how you dispatch
a object to Redux, right?
This is the same dispatch we've
been working with inside of React,
with React Redux.
GetState is a function we're actually not
going to use here, but it's important, so
I wanted to let you know that it exists.
That if you need to do something based
on the current Redux store's data, you
can call this get state function and it's
going to pass you the state from Redux.
So it's a convenience feature if you
need to do something based on that.
We don't need it, I just wanted to
let you know that it's available.
Okay?
And then what we're going to do,
is we're going to go to details.
And we're just going to grab everything
that's in component in mount right here.
So just copy and paste this axios stuff.
>> Brian Holt: And go back to action
creators and just paste it in there.
But instead of this.props.show,
we're going to drop that so
it's just imdbID, right.
It's going to refer to
the same one right here.
And then instead of dispatch, sorry,
instead of this.state,
we're going to dispatch,
>> Brian Holt: imdbID and omdbData:
response.data.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So, let's talk
about what's going to happen here.
Well, you call getOMDBDetails,
and you dispatch that to redux.
Redux is going to call
the function that this returns.
So redox is going to call this function,
right?
You called this function, getOMDBDetails,
redux calls the inner function for
you, okay?
That's going to kick of this axios, which
we have to import, I forgot about that.
Import that at the top.
Import axios from axios.
So redux calls this, axios is going to
do this thing it's going to call dot get
which is a synchronous and takes some
time because it has to go out to the API
servers and return, then once it
come back, it's going to dispatch
this action,
that I did not call correctly.
So dispatch, sorry, addOMDBData, right?
So we're actually going to call
this one that we just created.
>> Brian Holt: So that's what's actually
going to dispatch that action that gets
thrown to the root reducer.
>> Brian Holt: Does that makes sense?
We follow so far?
>> Brian Holt: So I'll show you how
to invoke this here in just a second.
Because we still need to go actually
call that inside of details, right.
But I just want to make sure
that it makes sense that,
you call this function,
it returns this function right here.
This one gets called by redux.
This is going to happen, right?
It's going to axios.get and
then once it's finished, but
then it's finally going to dispatch
the action that we created up here.
So we're not actually going to call
addaddOMDBData from within details,
we actually technically don't
even have to export it.
However, you just do,
you export all of your action creators.
Because what happens later if we
want to synchronously do that.
So, up to you though.
I just choose to.
Okay.
Any questions before we go make it work?
>> Brian Holt: So go back to details.
>> Speaker 2: Does this
patch expect a function?
Or if you just wanted to have it dispatch
just the object, could you do that?
On line 16 there.
>> Brian Holt: Mm-hm.
>> Speaker 2: Is, so
dispatch is coming from,
Redux is going to call dispatch, and
so does it always expect a function?
>> Brian Holt: So-
>> Speaker 4: It's expecting
an action, right?
>> Brian Holt: An action, right?
So, could you just do the action
here instead of the function?
Absolutely.
>> Speaker 4: Yeah,
if you didn't need to To do then.
>> Brian Holt: Yes; I mean if nothing
ever, would ever call addOMBData,
then you could just do
the action directly there.
I just personally always
make that a function.
Because then this is reuseable, right?
And I don't have to care
about the shape of that,
I just have to care about
what parameters I pass it.
I find that to be a convenience,
but up to you.
These are design decisions you can make.
>> Speaker 2: Going back over to
the discussion about the state and
what you're returning, Jacob said
you could use combine reducers too.
>> Brian Holt: Yep, you can.
So instead of the root reducer,
there's a convenience function called
combined reducers, and
you're more than welcome to use it.
>> Speaker 2: Amber's asking does add
omdbData take an object for args?
>> Brian Holt: Does it take an object for
what?
>> Speaker 2: For args, I guess arguments.
>> Brian Holt: For args, sorry.
>> Brian Holt: So
imdbID is going to be a string.
And omdbData is going to be an object,
right.
Are you talking about the action creator?
I think there's also
a reducer called that.
So there's the state and
the action here, as well, right?
But this is the action we
create via the actionCreator.
And yeah, this is the state.